what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another dose if you
don't know who I am my name is Nasir I'm
a second year medical student at King's
College London and I'm doing this Yukon
series help you guys do as best as you
can on your upcoming u-cat test so in
today's video I'm gonna be covering the
situational judgment section this
section is supposed to be a test of how
good of a moral and ethical doctor
you're gonna be in the future it's
supposed to be a little bit of a
personality test I guess the whole
purpose of my series is that I answer
these questions live on camera and I
walk you through my thought process as I
read the question as I look at the
different answers and as I evaluate them
and that way you guys can see what it is
that I'm thinking about while I do the
questions and hopefully you guys find
that useful if you guys are looking for
specific tips on how to answer questions
in the situational judgements section I
made a video on this last year before we
begin I want to thank modify for
partnering with me on this video and on
this series modify as an online new
current resource and I've been using
their questions and their question Bank
to answer all the questions I'm doing in
this UK series if you guys haven't heard
of Metta Phi or you want to check them
out I'll leave links in the description
below and without further ado let's jump
straight into answering situational
judgment questions live on camera
alright so here we are on the metafile
website looking at the situational
judgment questions for the youcan't and
quick disclaimer before I get into these
questions I haven't practiced
situational judgment you can't questions
since last year when I made a similar
video to this one but I have been a
student doctor on the wards and in
general practice and I've been talking
to patients examining them taking
histories from them talking to their
families and everything like that for
about a year or so so yeah I should be
really well I feel ready and prepared
for this so let's just get started
okay so first question John is an
elderly gentleman who's in a lot of
medication after having a heart attack
last year elderly medication Hartstein
he's also taking medication for diabetes
and is finding it difficult to manage
when taking specific medications he's
worried about his memory - is he's also
had a stroke four years prior to the
heart attack he comes into cardiology
review clinic to check on his condition
and his doctor and named dr. Smith
states that he is not improving as
expected dr. Smith inquires further and
learns about John's habit of forgetting
his medication okay how important are
the following considerations for dr.
Smith when deciding how to respond
situation so John's forgetfulness could
be a sign of an undiagnosed medical
problem yeah so I'd say absolutely this
is very important it does mention in the
blurb that John himself is getting
worried about his memory as well so he's
worried about his memory too is he has
also had a stroke about four years
pirates at the heart design so the fact
that the patient is worried about his
own memory is a bit of a warning sign
and the reason that I say that is that
it's very important is because it's
clearly having a big effect on this
patient's health so because this patient
has quite a few comorbidities then
forgetting to take specific medications
for any of those is going to be really
detrimental and we know in the paragraph
that he is forgetting his medications
and as the doctor finds out he is not
improving as expected so anything that
has an impact on patient health or
safety is always going to be very
important write that down
make sure you put that in your notes
okay next dr. Smith thinks that the
patients who don't take their medication
are foolish and risking their life so
this is going to be not important at all
and the reason for that is that dr.
Smith or any doctors personal opinions
or personal assumptions or projections
that they make on to patients is not
important you treat a patient based on
their clinical presentation based on
their health situation you don't treat
them based on what you think of them
because if their appearances or their
actions or anything else so this is
going to be no important at all
John stated that he thinks that he
doesn't like taking his medication
because there's so many and would like a
reduction in the number of pills he
takes so this is actually quite a common
problem in the elderly it's something
that we call polypharmacy which means
that you're taking a lots of medications
so this is something very important to
address right and the reason for this is
that if we don't address this then John
is probably going to continue as he
would saying you know these medications
are annoying I don't want to take them
and he's gonna have worse and worse
health as time goes on we want to
address this and reiterate to John how
important it is that he takes these
medications Mike we said well like we
saw in the blurb he's had a heart attack
he's had a stroke so these medications
are going to be very important in
preventing from those things happening
again and keeping up this overall health
so I think it's very important that we
address something like this and since
this has a direct
packed on patient health and patient
safety I'm going to label it as very
important over important John may need
to have further checks to make sure his
other conditions are under control
obviously this is going to be in the top
half of options either important or very
important but I'm gonna go with
important as it's not I guess it's not
like the direct most immediate action
that needs to be taken the first thing
that needs to be tackled is that we
checked his habit of taking medications
and things like that okay and then
finally John tells dr. Smith that he has
been under a lot of stress this year and
this has impacted his daily life again
this is either gonna phone the important
or a very important category now with
patients being at the center of the
healthcare system you know being patient
centered and holistic in the way we
approach patients stress and the
patient's situation at home their mental
health are things that are becoming more
and more important and that are being
taken into account more and more in
patients treatment and management so
this is definitely going to be important
or very important I don't know where to
put it though between very important
important Joseph Smith he's been under a
lot of stress this year and this is
impacted his daily life I'm gonna go
with a very important but I'm interested
to see what the distinction between very
important unimportant is in this
question so let's see how I did here all
right awesome five out of five correct
gonna have a quick read through them and
see if there's anything that they said
above why I already on did so this is
something really important to note down
as well the wishes of the patient is
very important for a doctor consider to
consider any time a patient expresses an
opinion of theirs or any time they
express a wish that's something that
definitely needs to be taken to account
definitely needs to be tackled and
considered and so write that down as
well that's something that's always
going to be very important okay great
first question five out of five I'm
feeling good knowing that I'm a good
ethical student doctor on to the next
question
so Joseph is an fy2 working in a busy
aim award if you guys didn't know and
phi2 stands for foundation year - so
after you finish Medical School you have
foundation year one and then you have
foundation year two and so that's where
this doctor is in any accident an
emergency he's been working for six days
in a row that's tough and it's looking
forward to finishing his shift
going home he's promised his friend that
he will attend the party that day as he
missed the last one due to work and is
worried that he's continually letting
his friends down he has almost finished
his shift and just has to see one
patient mr. Smith before he goes home
mr. Smith is very intoxicated with
alcohol and appears Annotated but
requires an urgent blood test
Joseph tries to take blood from mr.
Smith but he becomes aggressive and
makes it clear that he does not want to
have the blood test however it is
imperative that mr. Smith has blood
taken in order to be treated how
appropriate
each of the following responses by
Joseph in this situation whether Joseph
has to stay at the hospital for another
couple of hours in order to get that
blood or whether he gets a colleague to
take that blood in the next hour so and
he can leave and go home the end result
has to be that this patient gets their
blood taken ASAP and so we can improve
their health also I totally forgot to
mention that I did not fix my hair today
I kind of woke up and decided to film
this video hope you guys don't mind I
don't think it looks too bad but yeah
anyways back to the questions ask your
senior consultant to perform the blood
test instead I say this is either
inappropriate but not awful or very
inappropriate and let me explain why so
this patient is under this dr. Joseph's
responsibility so Joseph is the one who
needs to take blood from this patient
and it's not a case where Joseph is
unable to take that blood it's not that
he doesn't have the skills or he doesn't
know how to which would be an
appropriate time to go talk to a senior
consultant this is just a situation
where the patient is being a little bit
difficult so before Joseph goes and
talks to the senior consultant before he
escalates the situation and takes it to
another person
I think Joseph needs to make a stronger
attempt to take blood from this patient
you know either talk to the patient and
explain why he needs to take blood or
leave and come back in a little bit
maybe when the patient has calmed down a
bit Joseph needs to take a little bit
more action and try a little bit harder
to take blood from this patient before
raising this issue to the senior
consultant now I wouldn't say this is a
very inappropriate thing to do because
it's not gonna lead to any harm or any
danger to the patient so I'm gonna say
inappropriate but not awful continue
with the procedure and it's very
important that mr. Smith has a blood
test
so Joseph tries to take
but for mr. Smith but he becomes
aggressive and makes it clear that he
does not want to have the blood test so
since the patient has made it clear that
he does not want the blood test it would
be very inappropriate for the doctor to
continue with the procedure once the
patient if the patient refuses treatment
or the patient says I don't want X done
you cannot force them upon them you
cannot do it anyway you have to respect
their wishes what you can do is come
back and talk to them later or have a
conversation with them about why they
don't want something to happen and you
know maybe you can change their mind by
educating them or informing them of
something that they didn't know about
but it would be very inappropriate to
continue with the procedure if the
patient says they don't want it and then
they don't want it ask another junior
doctor to complete the procedure so that
he does not miss his party um so again I
definitely wouldn't say this is
appropriate because like yes we want
Joseph to go to this party because he's
been working a long time and he really
wants to enjoy his social life and all
of those things but the end of the day
the patient's health the patient's
safety is the priority and that's always
going to come first so this dr. Joseph
is going to be expected to have to be
late to the party or to miss the party
in order to complete his duties as a
doctor at the hospital so I would say
asking another junior doctor to complete
the procedure in order for him to go to
the party is going to be inappropriate
would it be very inappropriate I don't
think so because again it's not gonna
cause any harm to the patient it's not
gonna you know put the patient in danger
so it's not a very inappropriate thing
to do that doctor needs to take
responsibility for his patients and deal
with all his jobs before he leaves the
hospital raise his voice and tell mr.
Smith that he must have a blood test to
be treated very very very inappropriate
definitely shouldn't raise his voice a
and B doesn't should not be forcing
treatment upon this person unless this
person doesn't have capacity or is being
treated under the Mental Health Act but
those are two very different situations
he should not force treatment up on this
person now or raise his voice for a
short leave mr. Smith to calm down and
come back later to take his blood that's
exactly why I said in the beginning also
call his friend and explained that he
will be late
very very very appropriate thing to do a
you're leaving the patient who it says
it's agitated to calm down a little bit
and then you're gonna come back you're
gonna take responsibility for this
patient you're going to try to take
blood from them that's correct in itself
and then calling your friend friend to
explain that you will be late also very
appropriate thing to do all right let's
see how I did on this one okay
so partially correct with one in five
being orange so let's see what one in
five were so I was on the wrong half so
being on the wrong half of these
questions is not good
so here I've chosen inappropriate but
the answer is actually appropriate that
means that I'm not going to get any
marks for this question whereas if I had
chosen a very appropriate thing to do
but the answer was appropriate since
both of those are in the same half let's
say the top half is appropriate the
bottom half is inappropriate you would
still get partial marks so deciding
between the top half and the bottom half
of answers is the first and most
important thing to do and then whether
you choose the correct one within that
space is less important obviously I want
to choose the right one but you'll still
get partial marks if you don't choose
the perfectly correct one all those
response would make sure that mr. Smith
has the blood test and it's important
that just tries to deal with the
situation at a direct level before
seeking help from his colleagues so this
is what I was saying that he needs to
deal with it himself before seeking help
it would be more appropriate for Joseph
to try and calm the patient down and
explain the importance of the procedure
before trying again so that's what I
said before
in retrospect looking at this question
generally if you're ever asking your
senior or asking someone for help
reaching out for help
that's generally always going to be an
appropriate thing to do either
appropriate or very appropriate I
remembered this from last year so I
should have said that before okay and
then the fifth question so here for
example I would get partial marks the
correct answer was appropriately
non-ideal but I chose a very appropriate
but since I'm in the right half I would
get partial marks so this is better of a
mistake than this mistake I made over
here so I guess something I didn't
consider is that it's urgent that they
get the blood test quickly in order to
treat him
I thought incorrectly that he just
needed to have the blood test not that
he needed it right now since he needs it
right now then it's less ideal to wait
and then come
later okay cool next question Eleonora
is a first-year medical student in to
become visibly upset i'll propria each
of the following sponsors
so I've actually had a similar situation
to this where I was visiting a patient
in their home in order to take a history
from them and sort of understand how
their disease impacts on their health on
a daily basis and you know patients are
really kind they really want to speak to
you they want to offer you tea they want
to offer you food they want to offer you
gifts and so yeah sometimes you have to
draw the line and say no I mean it
depends on a lot of things so let's see
what's going on here so be firm but
polite and refuse to accept the gift
explaining the reasons behind it a gift
as a box of chocolates okay it's not
something that is like a big deal you
know it's not like this patient gave you
money it's not like this patient has
given you the rights to their assets or
anything like that this patient is
simply giving you a box of chocolates
you know which probably was not that
expensive it's something quite small and
it's just a gesture to say thank you in
fact it would probably be a nice gesture
to accept the gift thank the patient you
know and leave it at that because the
patient is going to be happy they want
to give you this gift they want to say
thank you so let's see be firm but
polite and refuse to accept the gift at
this point the patient has become
visibly accept upset I think the right
thing to do would be to accept the gift
so be firm apply and refuse to accept
the gift explaining the reasons behind
it I'd say this is inappropriate but not
awful I wouldn't say it's very
inappropriate it's not gonna cause the
patient any harm I suggest inappropriate
but not lawful accept the gift and say
thank you to the patient I think this
would be the right thing to do at this
point try to calm the patient down this
is like when you're in a fight with your
girlfriend or boyfriend and you're like
just chill out just chill out
calm down it's gonna be the wrong thing
to do something with inappropriate but
not awful I mean actually the know so
try to calm the patient down yeah
there's nothing wrong with that that's
only gonna be a good thing so calm them
down refused to accept the gift and
leave abruptly absolutely not the
leaving abruptly quite there's what's
wrong with this refuse the gift offer to
continue
her as she seems lonely so this question
is a bit difficult because if if you
have to continue visiting this patient
like I did for example in my GP then
this would be a perfectly fine response
because you are going to go back
you're not going to continue visit
visiting her because she seems lonely
you're going to continue visiting her
because she might need a checking up on
her health or on her situation on or on
her medications to see what's going on
I'm a little bit confused I'm conflicted
for this question not gonna lie
let's see so similar to last question
let's see the ones that I got partially
cranked partially and cracked here okay
I was on the right half so that makes me
happy
accept that gift and say thank you
appropriate but not ideal so accepting
gifts from patients is against GMC
guidelines as they can affect clinical
judgment and appears unprofessional
however in some situations would be more
unprofessional to refuse so this is what
I was trying to get out before hopefully
I explained that okay appropriately no
ideal so here I was on the wrong half
okay
this response it's inappropriate but not
awful Eleanor can see that the patient
is lonely and simply want some company
she's not causing any harm by continuing
to visit her however as she is only
visiting the patient for a course Rick
and his the question she needs
then there is no need for her to return
it would therefore be unprofessional to
in order to continue visiting the
patient so this is what I was saying for
me for my GP home visits that I did this
year I was asked I was asked to return
to the patients homes multiple times to
follow up with them so then this would
be totally normal but since like it says
here but the pay the student has only
visited once just for her coursework
then it would be unprofessional to
continue visiting them so yeah I should
have said inappropriate all right let's
have a look at the next question
Jean is a medical student who's on
placement Jean is wondering whether it's
come in to keep her company
interesting situation okay how important
are the following considerations for
Jean when designing how to respond that
the patient is willing to talk to her
very important if the patient does not
want to talk to the medical student for
any reason whatsoever you need to
respect that wish and you need to not go
talk to that patient maybe they want
some a long time maybe they're just
thinking of something else
how much the patient wants to talk to
you I should say it's very important
whether or not is having a cesarean or
natural birth this is not going to be
important to whether you go talk to her
while she's waiting
to give birth while she's waiting for a
partner to come this is not important at
all there were Nets partners of the same
gender as her obviously no important at
all whether Annette is with a female
partner or with a male partner or it's
someone who doesn't identify as any
gender or whatever is definitely not
important you treat patients you talk to
patients and everything based on their
health and their clinical need and not
on anything else whether or net is in
any pain right now
very important so of course if your net
is in any pain at all she's probably not
going to want to talk to you as much
she's probably gonna want to see doctors
receive some analgesia things like that
so I'd say taking into account her pain
levels are very important whether or not
has any refreshments that she may like
Jean to bring for her if Rinna is
expecting to receive I guess
refreshments from Jean that is something
to take into account sir when that might
just want the refreshments but not any
company but the fact that she wants
refreshments from Jean means that she
wants she's willing to have Jean in the
room she's willing to have Jean come
close to her and give her the
refreshments so I'd say important but
not very important or wait a minute let
me go back and read that one more time
whether or not has any refreshments I'm
gonna say of minor importance okay how
to change a point five out of five
correct good thing I had that change of
heart this is a minor importance it's a
courteous thing to ask her but really my
analogy should be focusing on how she
can help lift her mood more direct and
effective methods such as talking to and
comforting her great on to the next
question I love doing situational
judgment questions they're honestly so
much fun
this is like exactly what you will be
doing as a second-year medical student
you're gonna be talking to all these
different patients finding yourselves in
some strange scenarios you know patients
being really happy patients being really
angry you're sad and you need to
navigate your way through it so I really
like this section of the you contest I
think is really important all right
we've got a nice short one here Robert
is a junior doctor who's been assigned
spend the next week tutoring a group of
medical students Rob I noticed is that
the medical students arrived to the
hospital looking somewhat scruffy and
are not following the hospital dress
code not good he's wondering whether to
raise this issue with them yeah probably
should how important other falling
factors for Robert
to consider so the medical students
might be offended I mean they might be
offended but the more important thing at
stake here is you know medical students
are representing doctors on the medical
field in general and so they need to
dress appropriately they need to act
appropriately they need to talk
appropriately whether they get offended
or not it still has to happen gonna go
with non point at all medical students
are fully aware of the hospital just
good this is very important because
they're fully aware of it and they're
choosing to ignore him so this changes
the situation from someone who let's say
was not aware of the hospital address
code so that's gonna be important rubber
has already developed a good rapport
with the medical students this is of
minor importance if it's not really that
important whether he has a good rapport
or in order for at all he still needs to
respond to this situation and he still
needs to bring it up the students have
been asked by the medical school to give
feedback on Roberts teaching methods so
like maybe in real life Robert might
want to be kinder to the students in
order for them to give him better
feedback but definitely for the purposes
of this exam and for the purposes of
responding and acting like the ideal
doctor you're definitely gonna want to
say not important at all here the
students unprofessional parents may
negatively impact on the impression
given to patients absolutely that is the
key issue here that patients might get
negative impression of medical schools
of medical students of doctors of
hospitals and that should definitely not
be happening okay let's see all right
cool four out of five with one partially
cranked rubber has already developed a
good rapport with the medical students
is apparently not important at all this
factor should not influence Rama's
decision to raise the issue is a
hospital policy of health professionals
to adhere to the dress code I can get
behind that all right next question so
how does a medical student who's on
attachment on a busy ward typically the
roles of a medical student in her year
are to help with some procedures when
supervised but mainly to clerk patients
and observe the stuff on the word are
generally supportive however one day
she's asked to perform a cannulation on
a patient
well the foundational doctor deals with
more urgent patients she has never been
formally told the technique and is not
sure of all the steps carry out the
calculation and hope for the best in
this case definitely not because there's
a risk to patient health and safety if
the medical student is going to carry
this out without any training without
any guidance
just winging it basically definitely not
the right thing to do ignore the doctor
and carry on clerking other patients
rather than risk it again very
inappropriate because the doctor has
asked for this to happen because this
probably needs to happen to send off
some tests or to administer some drugs
or whatever so this is something that
needs to happen the fact that Hina can
do it is important and should be
addressed the solution should be found
for it it shouldn't just be ignored
so this would be very important a very
inappropriate thing to do even though on
the nurse's station about the patient
and ask the next nurse you see for
advice after clerking patients asking
advice is not inappropriate and that's
appropriate but this is definitely not
ideal let the foundation your doctor
know that she can't do the procedure
very important thing to do you know you
need to let them know hey I'm not
trained to do this I haven't received
training to do this and I cannot do this
offer to try and help the doctor on
other tasks that she can do very
appropriate thing to do you know you say
hey I can't do this because I'm not
trained in air or whatever I would love
to learn if you would show me or bah
blah but if you don't have time for that
or whatever I would love to do some
other tasks that I can help you with
that I'm able to do while you take care
of this cannulation all right four out
of five with one partially correct let's
see what's going on here you ignore the
doctor and kion clerking other patients
rather than risk it this is
inappropriate
Sana's non-identified anyway
all right
Johanna is a medical student talk to the
basketball team and explain that she
can't attend the game because she needs
to study so this is definitely an
appropriate thing to do because she's
talking to the team she's communicating
with them the fact that she's stressed
and she has other things she needs to
work on I'm gonna say this is not a very
appropriate thing to do because the more
appropriate thing to do would say that
instead of she can't attend the game she
should just attend less daily training
but maybe she can still go to that big
important game so I'm gonna say
appropriate but not ideal because I
think there's a better solution how's
the basketball team if she can attend
training less frequently so that she can
fit in more studying absolutely very
appropriate try to ignore the stress big
no-no generally ignoring or pushing
aside or delaying is gonna be
inappropriate or very very inappropriate
make an appointment with her student
advisor to discuss how better to deal
with her exam stress very appropriate
thing to do that's exactly what student
advisors are there for person personal
tutors etc yeah they're there to help
you when you feel like you're bit
overwhelmed or when you need some advice
so yeah it's a very appropriate thing to
do attend all the training sessions and
plan to reset the exam in a few months
absolutely not you should never plan to
resit the exam you should plan to pass
the exam with flying colors if you
happen to fail I need to be sitted
that's fine but you should never plan to
resit the exam
alright 405 one partially correct the
response is inappropriate but not awful
time out of studying through these
stress is important including basketball
together mimic drawing am more stressed
I mean okay all right next question
things important are the following
considerations for a Claud the fact that
he has confidentiality of the husband's
health of course very very important he
should not talk about the husband's
health or cancer diagnosis or anything
like that with anyone besides besides
the husband and of course to the health
care team and anyone in charge of his
husband's health but I mean to the
general public to the general people he
should not be talking about his health
Claude is feeling a little tired at the
moment and wants to go home so I'd say
this is
so difficult so I'd say this is of minor
importance because I mean we don't know
why the wife is crying
yes it's very likely that she has just
learned of her husband's diagnosis but
we don't want to make that assumption we
don't know if that's the case you might
be crying for a totally unrelated reason
I guess it's it's nonrecords not all the
more important thing is this person who
you see is crying and is upset and you
want to see what's going on with them so
that's the party here his bus is leaving
shortly and speaking to this lady may
cause him to miss it
again for the same reason it's not
important at all he can always take the
next bus he can take an uber he can take
the tube whatever the level of distress
that the lady is feeling it's important
maybe not very important regardless of
the level of this fresh she's in right
now we can see that she's crying
so she's packed the level of distress
that would require his attention anyway
and so he should go see her no one else
is around currently I'd say that that is
important if her husband was there or if
someone was already consoling her or
something like that then you know maybe
you wouldn't have to approach the
situation but if you can see that she's
alone then you know you'll definitely
gonna want to go talk to her
all right nice cheeky little five out of
five hopefully my reasoning was like
easy to follow and understand and yeah
next question dr. Smith is working in a
rural GP practice and is currently in a
consultation with the patient the upset
not that I've seen thousands and
thousands of patients but I have
definitely seen this happen once or
twice and heard about it happening a lot
more anyway how important is it for
dealing with situation that miss green
is upset it's important it's definitely
not of minor importance it's important
to take into account you know how you're
gonna tell her that she's has incorrect
inhaler technique and how you're gonna
talk about it in fact it might be very
important yeah it's very important the
miss mean that is very far away from the
nearest hospital also very important
because that means that she is less
likely to quickly get to hospital if
she's having an asthma attack if her
life is in danger
and she doesn't have good inhaler
technique so that's very important the
miss Green disagrees and says she's
her inhaler incorrectly not important at
all the fact that she disagrees
I mean maybe of minor importance the
fact that she disagrees doesn't change
the situation that she's using
incorrectly it doesn't change the
situation that she needs to be told how
to use it correctly although it does
change how you would talk to her and
stuff so I'm gonna say minor importance
yeah the Miss Green has an extremely
severe type of asthma super super super
important I mean if she has a severe
type of asthma that means it's even more
important that she knows how to use new
hailer when to use inhaler etc though
the GP practice is very busy and dr.
Smith's the next patient has been
waiting for 30 minutes this is important
but this patient clearly definitely
needs to be taught how to use this
inhaler she's gone to a knee many times
you know her life is at risk if she
doesn't know how to use the inhaler
properly and if she doesn't use it when
she needs it so yes people are going to
have to wait people might be upset but
it's very important that dr. Smith takes
the time to explain to mrs. green how to
use this appropriately so I'm gonna say
this is important but not very important
I wouldn't say it's of minor importance
but yeah I'm between important or of
minor importance sometimes the wording
and these questions kind of trips me up
the Jeep I'm gonna go with of minor
importance it's of minor importance that
they've been waiting either important or
of my portents let's see
fifty-fifty so let's see damn it damn it
so close so close it was important fine
and I remember in some other questions
I've done patients waiting has been
important so don't say that it's of
minor importance patients waiting is
gonna be important all right guys and I
think that is going to be it for me
that's where I'm gonna cut off this
video from answering situational
judgment test questions live on camera
if you guys have enjoyed this video
please do leave a like on it and leave
me a comment
down below don't forget to subscribe to
my channel if you want to see more
medical school content from me also
cheekily follow me on instagram if you
don't do so already and anyways guys I
hope you've had a fantastic day good
luck with you you can't practice and
your UK exams and I'll see you guys in
the next one peace